Add specification for loop variable name (#4)
libercapital/guides: ruby/README.md

- Prefer classes to modules when designing functionality that is shared by
  multiple models.
- Prefer `private` when indicating scope.

> - Don't use single character for variable names in loops [Example](/ruby/sample.rb#L6)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Don't use single character variable names inside loops
```

> - Prefer keep same variable name in loops but in singular

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prefer to use the same variable name (in singular form) inside loops [Example](/ruby/sample.rb#L6)
```
